Add support for 2.6 Intree Multitenancy Support (#891)
portworx/pxdocs: content/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/operate-and-maintain-on-kubernetes/authorization/enable.md

series: k8s-op-maintain-auth
---

Before proceeding with this document, please review the [Security](/concepts/authorization) model used by Portworx.

{{<info>}}

> For a step by step setup of guide of how to enable Portworx authorization, please see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** For a step by step setup guide showing how to enable Portworx authorization, please see
```
